-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp
-d
-i
word word word word word word word word 
word 
word word word
word word
wor dwor dow rwod worw dworw dworowd
word wor d pogchamp